new zealand 's rugby union chief eddie tonks on monday repeated calls for the sport to deal with the question of professionalism before a meeting of its world governing body next month .
the adventist development relief association -lrb- adra -rrb- , a non-governmental organization of uganda , has earmarked #.## million us dollars for the teachers training project to boost education levels in the northeastern karamoja region , reported the monitor newspaper on tuesday .
britain and germany will contribute helicopters and troops to help dutch authorities carry out flood operations , the defense ministry said thursday .
un secretary-general kofi annan on monday linked the extension of a un peace mission mandate in angola to cooperation by former rebels of the unita movement in forming a new angolan government .
a dozen militants of the hardline islamic jihad have been arrested in the last two days , palestinian police said monday .
drug raids last week against a group known as the zoo crew were intended to subvert protests against police brutality in which the group played a prominent role , a consortium of community organizations asserted on tuesday .
eight of the nine youths who walked out of the church of the nativity after ## days of siege were allowed to go home friday , but one was kept in israeli custody while the army investigated suspicions that he was involved in militant activities .
police introduced a night curfew on a sri lankan town as hundreds of angry mourners stoned police following the funeral of a ruling party legislator killed by opposition gunmen , witnesses said .
thousands of people took part in a demonstration in this eastern city saturday protesting issues such as globalization , nato , israel 's aggression against palestinians and an upcoming conference between the european union and mediterranean nations .
washington january ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- _ two u.s. air force planes fired missiles on monday at two iraqi air defense installations in northern no-fly zone after determining they were about to be attacked by surface-to-air missiles , the u.s. defense department said .
the following is a list of stocks , on which analysts changed their ratings or began coverage today .
african leaders hold fresh talks here tuesday after welcoming south african president nelson mandela to an oau summit that on monday took a major stride toward resolving a border dispute between cameroon and nigeria .
rwanda is to be reviewed by the african peer review mechanism -lrb- aprm -rrb- team this week , a voluntary program whereby african countries are reviewed by other african countries to see whether they adhered to the principles set out by nepad .
the british government on friday announced that a controversial family day in hyde park , which had been planned for august to commemorate the ##th anniversary of d-day , had been postponed for a year .
thailand 's rice exports for the first five months of the year were ## percent higher than expected , the commerce ministry announced monday .
the european commission said tuesday that switzerland 's offer to aid the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- 's tax cheat fight was a step in the right direction that might help eu ministers reach a deal on taxation of savings at talks wednesday .
a lawyer for the belgian man charged with killing a convicted german pedophile last month in italy has requested his client 's release from prison .
major heroin transit routes from asia into western europe run through albania , local newspapers reported thursday , quoting what they said was a confidential state intelligence agency paper .
they are everywhere , mexico 's economic casualties , and jesus sepulveda guzman is one .
the ethiopian airlines -lrb- eal -rrb- on tuesday decided to suspend its flights from addis ababa , the capital of ethiopia to tel aviv , israel , following its flight on dec. # was urged to land at an airforce base in southern israel for security check .
ashley hansen clubbed a grand slam and jennie finch threw a two-hit shutout as the u.s. advanced to the world cup of softball championship game with a #-# win against australia on sunday .
the indian rupee remained virtually unmoved wednesday on the mumbai -lrb- bombay -rrb- foreign exchange market after opening slightly lower at ##.## against the u.s. dollar from tuesday 's close of ##.## .
prosecutors thursday urged a court to sentence a militant who has shown remorse for last year 's bali bombings to life in prison , rather than death _ after courts sentenced two other extremists to be shot by firing squad .
namibian president sam nujoma arrived here monday on a three-day official visit to boost bilateral ties especially in the field of economy .
a court-martial has found a us soldier guilty of maltreating a detainee in afghanistan by punching him several times , and sentenced him to four months ' detention , the us military said saturday .
the iraqi permanent delegate to the arab league , nabil UNK , today welcomed the recent call made by president of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan for the lifting of u.n. sanctions against the iraqi people .
daniel UNK , a television and radio news reporter whose gravel-voiced delivery was known to nearly every UNK in new york city for three decades , died at new york university medical center on monday .
the veil of secrecy surrounding the election of mother teresa 's successor at the head of the missionaries of charity continued here saturday , a month after the order met to decide the issue .
in the movie , the dalmatians are cute and fun .
englishman chris rodgers blazed the course as he continued to lead the third round of the ###,### dollar pakistan open on saturday .
with current and future air force officers as a supporting cast , president bush sought friday to deflect questions about the sept. ## attacks , saying he would have done everything he could to protect the united states if he had known the terrorists ' plans .
australia will send another ### soldiers to afghanistan to protect reconstruction efforts in the countryside , which is enduring the worst bloodshed since the taliban regime toppled , the prime minister said wednesday .
colorado would reap an extra $ ## million for conservation and fighting sprawl if congress chooses the senate version of a major farm bill , an environmental analysis showed friday .
israel published monday the names of hundreds of soon-to-be freed palestinian prisoners as it ruled out the immediate withdrawal of its troops from more of the west bank after a gun attack near bethlehem .
the spanish government tuesday stood by its decision to release on parole a hunger-striking basque radical , a move the conservative opposition derided as giving in to `` blackmail .
hundreds of u.s. soldiers have established their northernmost base in afghanistan , pushing up along its eastern border with pakistan to block militants crossing jagged mountains , train fledgling local forces and build support with wary tribesmen .
the spiritual leader of an islamic extremist organization filed a us$ ###.# million lawsuit wednesday against time magazine for a report alleging he has links to terrorism .
congo swore in a new post-war military staff friday representing all former armed factions , fulfilling a key part of agreements to end a #-year war in africa 's third-largest nation .
`` star wars '' co-star natalie portman is storming back into action films with a role in the comic-book adaptation `` thor .
yemen 's northern president ali abdallah saleh said saudi arabia could play a part in bringing yemen 's civil war to an end , in an interview with the arab newspaper al-hayat published wednesday .
the united states , working in concert with saudi arabia , is accelerating its efforts for a UNK between israel and the palestinians .
australia 's most powerful state leader broke a long-held taboo thursday by suggesting the country turn to nuclear power as a way to ensure energy supplies and combat global warming .
after ## years of costly litigation , the kansas city school district 's federal racial desegregation case is officially over .
greg oden was on a path to follow lebron james , a high school prodigy leaping directly to the national basketball association , but he now must wait until #### to seek professional riches .
west indies again left out its leading players for the first two one-day internationals against bangladesh because of an ongoing dispute between the country 's cricket board and players ' association .
the supreme court in the democratic republic of congo on wednesday rejected opposition complaints about last month 's referendum which overwhelmingly approved a new constitution .
hong kong share prices were flat in early trade thursday on caution ahead of the federal reserve 's imminent interest rate decision and upcoming holidays here and in the united states , dealers said .
workers began installing a two million dollar grass field for the world cup inside the pontiac silverdome stadium friday , the beginning of the end of a two-year project .
french publishing house odile jacob lost a suit on tuesday charging rival publisher UNK with unfair competition in connection with the UNK book `` verbatim '' by jacques UNK , a former top aide to president francois mitterrand .
an ocean liner docked tuesday after cutting short a cruise across the north atlantic because more than ### people had become sick with a UNK virus .
a field survey of a highway network linking myanmar , india and thailand will start next february , according to a decision of a trilateral meeting here of the three countries , the myanmar times reported sunday .
four years ago , michael s. ovitz promised to reshape the entertainment business by creating a management company that would leverage movie , music and sports stars into film , television and internet projects .
the ##.#-km thanh tri , vietnam 's largest UNK concrete bridge , was open to traffic on friday , vietnam news agency reported .
six people were killed and nine others injured in an armed attack by the outlawed kurdish workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- in southeastern turkey late monday night .
the government of sudan announced saturday that it would send troops to the western region of darfur and disarm arab militias known as the janjaweed to end violence that has displaced more than # million african villagers .
at least ## hindu pilgrims died saturday when a van in which they were traveling overturned in the southern indian state of tamil nadu , the united news of india reported .
two palestinians from east jerusalem have been arrested for suspicion of involvement in suicide attacks carried out by the radical islamist group hamas in the city , the prime minister 's office said in a statement monday .
venezuela will continue exporting products to neighboring brazil despite the prolonged financial crisis in that country , industry and commerce minister hector maldonado lira said monday .
the final register of hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- election committee members , who will elect the third-term chief executive of hksar on march ## , was published on thursday .
a senior chinese official today called for the country 's concerted effort to enable ## million impoverished people have access to adequate food and clothing by the year end and said fulfilling the task is crucial to achieve the country 's overall plan of eliminating poverty by the year #### .
rory mcilroy is trying to stay grounded in his first british open as a pro .
a former nicaraguan president facing charges he stole us$ ### million in state funds said tuesday that authorities have frozen u.s. bank accounts controlled by his sons .
share prices rose slightly on wall street in quiet trading monday as investors awaited the release of consumer prices for may and the quarterly expiration of stock options .
bulgarian foreign minister nadezhda mihailova tuesday condemned last saturday 's killing of ## ethnic albanians in yugoslavia 's kosovo village of racak on january .
italian judges and prosecutors will suspend hearings for ## minutes later this month to protest premier silvio berlusconi 's recent criticism of members of the judiciary , the national magistrates association said wednesday .
nasa declared itself technically prepared to launch the space shuttle atlantis and a new u.s. astronaut to russia 's mir space station , but said tuesday the voyage would require an unusual final blessing from agency chief dan goldin .
hong kong 's first batch of exchange fund notes -lrb- UNK -rrb- was listed monday at the stock exchange of hong kong , offering retail investors an attractive and reliable investment opportunity .
the hosts canada monday dominated tha pan am pool as they pocketed three gold out of five on offer on the first day of swimming competitions .
un secretary general kofi annan on monday denounced a deadly bombing by suspected maoist rebels that tore through a crowded passenger bus in southwestern nepal the same day , killing at least ## people and wounding dozens more .
the kenyan government said here tuesday that the issue of kenyan hostages in iraq could be resolved soon .
arsenal defender sol campbell said wednesday he would contest his violent conduct charge from the gunners ' preseason community shield loss to manchester united .
the stock exchange of thailand -lrb- set -rrb- index on wednesday gained #.## points from tuesday to close at ###.## .
colgate-palmolive co. and clorox co. reported higher-than-expected earnings as recent cost-cutting efforts allowed them to plow more money into advertising and ship more products .
queen elizabeth ii started her ##-day golden jubilee tour of canada on friday with a visit to this inuit territory in the eastern arctic region .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- warned on monday that the islamic resistance movement -lrb- hamas -rrb- , a palestinian radical group , may face sanctions if it walks away from cease-fire negotiations with the palestinian national authority .
a handful of common medical complications kill more than ##,### u.s. hospital patients every year and add $ #.# billion annually to hospital charges , according to one of the first studies to put a price tag on unexpected harm to patients .
lawyers for nine detainees at the u.s. military prison at guantanamo bay , cuba , filed lawsuits friday demanding that their clients be tried or released .
in the latest sign that alternative energy companies are attracting serious financial interest in high-technology circles , a startup company in palo alto , calif. , that is working to cut the cost of making solar cells says it will announce on thursday that it has raised $ #.# million from two leading venture capital firms .
automotive parts supplier lear corp. filed for bankruptcy protection on tuesday after receiving support from lenders and bondholders to reorganize its struggling business .
cambodian king norodom sihanouk said friday that he will delay his abdication announced on tuesday .
iranian president mohammad khatami on wednesday said the european union should do more to help palestinians suffering from israeli incursions into the west bank .
former boxing champion arturo gatti , whose epic trilogy with micky ward branded him one of the most exciting fighters of his generation , was found dead in a hotel room in the posh seaside resort of porto de UNK early saturday .
south africa 's gold production fell by by ##.# percent in january from the figure for december , the chamber of mines , representing major mining houses , said wednesday .
captain david beckham faces a fitness test on friday for an england team desperate to retain hope of directly qualifying for euro #### .
russian defense minister sergei ivanov on tuesday offered military aid to former soviet azerbaijan during a visit to baku , russian news agencies reported .
clashes broke out friday between israeli soldiers and around #,### palestinians and foreign peace activists protesting in the northern west bank against the barrier which israel is building , palestinian sources said .
a third person , the sister of the two first victims , died early friday of bird flu in the eastern turkish city of van , doctors said .
the european union friday said it welcomed the philippine government 's quelling of an attempted coup by soldiers in the heart of manila 's financial quarter last weekend .
more americans filed new claims for jobless benefits last week , a fresh sign of the difficulties workers and companies are confronting as the nation 's wobbly economy struggles to keep its balance .
at least eleven policemen were killed and ## others injured in a bus accident as they were returning to their base from election duty in southern pakistan , police said .
marina UNK got one goal and started another scoring play as russia beat ghana #-# thursday in the women 's world cup .
the dow jones index of leading industrials was down ##.## points friday on profit-taking , but a softening of the bond market helped keep stocks strong .
editor 's note : sri lankan military censors made minor changes in this story .
iran is to reimpose partial price controls to fight the country 's runaway inflation , justice minister UNK UNK said thursday .
the european countries will not receive a large number of kosovo refugees from macedonia , president of the west european union parliament louis maria de puig said tuesday in skopje , capital of macedonia .
pakistan 's two form batsman on this tour , inzamam ul haq and ijaz ahmed , pulled the visitors out of trouble on the third day of the third cricket test against zimbabwe here saturday .
norwegian telecom operator telenor , which holds a minority stake in russian mobile operator vimpelcom , said tuesday it had called on other shareholders to help block a bid by financial holding firm alfa group for control of vimpelcom .
the world bank estimated on wednesday that the mexican economy will grow by #.# percent to #.# percent this year and predicted that the growth will be # percent by #### .
the international monetary fund , overseeing a dlrs ##.# billion rescue fund for the thai economy , is expected to ease the loan conditions to help stimulate growth , thai finance minister tarrin nimmanhaeminda said tuesday .
a recovery in the far east economy and a strong performance in the west saw hsbc record a ## percent rise in pre-tax profits for the six months to june .
ecuador 's former president , lucio gutierrez , driven from office in april amid violent unrest , on monday renounced the asylum granted him by brazil and said he was ready to square off with political enemies at home .
indonesians voted calmly in their emerging democracy 's second direct presidential election , with the incumbent expected to win a single-round victory on the back of recent economic and political stability .
foreign investors have begun to withdraw from ukraine 's financial market , putting extra pressure on the national currency , the hryvna , the country 's central bank said tuesday .
millionaire optometrist robert graham , who founded the world 's most discriminating sperm bank housing what he believed were the human seeds of genius , has died .
us president george w. bush named stephen friedman , former chairman of a leading investment firm , as his new top economic adviser on thursday , concluding a recent shake-up in his economic team which started last friday .
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- has invited tanzania to a meeting in brussels next week to review a fish trade ban imposed in late march .
the equity prices in greece ended sharply lower friday with the general index on the athens stock exchange -lrb- ase -rrb- closing at #.## percent , down #.## percent .
a frail pope john paul ii struggled through a long mass on a windswept hill saturday , but lifted his arms to stroke the faces of two formerly conjoined toddlers in what bishops called a powerful gesture in the church 's battle against abortion .
america and its allies lobbied a key u.n. atomic agency conference on monday to join them in calling on iran to disprove that it is running a covert nuclear weapons program .
australian share prices slumped #.## percent by midday wednesday as market jitters resurfaced in response to weak us housing figures and falling commodity prices , dealers said .
the u.s. federal government may seek the death penalty for the accused kingpin of one of mexico 's oldest and most notorious drug cartels , a prosecutor said .
marseille thrashed auxerre #-# on monday , jumping three places in the first-division standings .
the dutch klm airline reported on thursday that it had turned a heavy loss into a profit in the last financial year and said it intended to replace its fleet of airbus airliners with boeing aircraft .
a pakistani man was convicted of killing his niece 's husband to punish her for fleeing an arranged marriage .
turkmen president saparmurat niyazov has announced an amnesty that envisaged freeing over #,### prisoners in this central asian nation at the end of the muslim holy month of ramadan .
these business stories for release saturday , march ## , #### , are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .
the bali nightclub bombing that killed nearly ### people may push indonesian leader megawati sukarnoputri off her political fence , and put her fragile hold over the world 's largest muslim country on edge .
exports of french cosmetics and perfumes recorded their ##th consecutive year of expansion , with exports to russia , eastern europe and china exploding , according to perfume industry federation figures published on friday .
the central government collected nt$ ###.# billion -lrb- us$ #.## billion -rrb- in net tax revenues in november , up # percent from the same month of the previous year -- the first year-on-year rise since march , the ministry of finance -lrb- mof -rrb- reported thursday .
a forum was held here today to mark the ###th anniversary of the birth of fang UNK , a great proletarian revolutionary and militarist , and a leader of the farmers ' movement in the early years of the communist party of china-led struggle against the kuomintang regime .
israel will fight to keep peace negotiations alive at the same time as it tackles terrorism , foreign minister shimon peres said sunday before meeting his counterparts from jordan , egypt and the plo .
president megawati sukarnoputri was fighting for political survival monday as more than ### million indonesians went to the polls in the country 's first direct presidential election .
a vice-governor of serbia 's central bank , dejan simic , has been arrested on suspicion of accepting bribes , interior minister dragan jocic said thursday .
about ### people have been arrested in a military crackdown on suspected militants in nigeria 's restive , petroleum-rich south , an army spokesman said saturday .
a thai air force officer and four policemen have been taken into custody in connection with the sale of guns to sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels , a police officer said tuesday .
the bangladeshi cabinet has approved a new draft law providing for capital punishment at the maximum for child and woman repression in a bid to rein in its perpetrators , according to an official handout available tuesday .
the amount of money sent by mexican emigrants to relatives in their homeland surged in the first six months of the year , reflecting poor employment prospects in mexico and lower fees for sending funds .
the united states has n't changed its policy on the dollar , which has strengthened in line with strong growth in the u.s. economy relative to its trading partners , u.s. treasury secretary robert rubin said today .
the deaths of at least ## chinese migrant workers as they picked shellfish in a northwestern english bay were a `` tragic accident '' and not due to gross criminal negligence , a court heard monday .
a large independence rally here by a powerful kashmiri moslem rebel group was marred friday by the assassination of a top leader by unidentified gunmen , witnesses said .
clinton , mass. - like many others who call this former mill town home , randy UNK never misses the thanksgiving day high school football game .
thailand is set to join a group of ## partners who hold annual dialogues with ## pacific islands forum states , according to reports reaching here on thursday .
the middle east is set to dominate the agenda at davos again sunday , the fourth day of a forum where world political and economics bigwigs gather to brainstorm new ideas .
french experts were to pay their first visit to a french oil tanker crippled by an explosion off yemen in an attempt to determine whether the blast was terrorism , a yemeni official said wednesday .
li peng , chairman of the standing committee of china 's national people 's congress , said today that china will further strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation with latin american countries in order to promote common development .
the european union said it regrets the lack of results in the cyprus reunification talks , which ended in failure two weeks ago , and urged the turkish and greek sides to continue talking .
a ##-member team of international observers will travel to guyana to ensure a democratic ballot is held in the south american nation often riven by bloodshed during elections , officials said thursday .
a UNK ' union voted thursday to ask the director of public prosecutions -lrb- dpp -rrb- to hold a criminal probe into whether england 's chief inspector of schools chris UNK lied on oath .
a former executive at swedish insurer skandia went on trial tuesday on fraud charges in the legal aftermath of one of sweden 's biggest business scandals .
typhoon krosa took a toll worth nt$ ###.## million -lrb- us$ ##.## million -rrb- on agriculture , according to tallies released sunday by the council of agriculture .
an argentine referee blamed for a series of questionable calls in argentina 's first-division soccer league and regional competition has been fired .
four chinese tourists injured in a shipping accident in vietnam have been sent back to a chinese hospital , local sources said on sunday .
us consumer prices rose #.# percent in may , the commerce department said tuesday .
the ruling party 's presidential candidate said thursday he would fight corruption at all levels of society and make government more accountable and transparent if he wins upcoming elections .
deutsche boerse ag on monday valued its bid for euronext nv at more than euro# billion -lrb- us$ ##.# billion -rrb- and said it was still trying to sway the company 's shareholders to form a pan-european bourse .
israel 's new ambassador to jordan arrived here thursday and will present his credentials to the king `` soon , '' a spokesman for the embassy said .
egyptian investigators who probed the egyptair flight ### crash will fly to london sunday to explain final investigation reports into the #### accident to insurance companies .
kuwait stock exchange index closed at #,### points saturday , ##.# points up from wednesday 's finish .
cycling holidays are a new approach through which taiwan is promoting itself to foreign travelers , government sources said monday .
south africa collected three billion more rands in tax revenue than expected during the ####-## fiscal year , mostly due to economic growth , the finance minister said saturday .
lukoil , russia 's largest oil producer , said friday its third quarter net earnings rose ## percent to #.### billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion euros -rrb- compared with the same period of #### .
a car bomb exploded tuesday in downtown baghdad , killing at least four people and injuring ## , police said .
the office of the chief of general staff of turkey 's armed forces plans to purchase ## specially-trained dogs from britain , the local daily news reported here today .
american soldiers backed by helicopters and armored vehicles fought off coordinated attacks by saddam hussein loyalists until dawn friday after an ambush killed three u.s. troops and wounded two others near the ousted dictator 's hometown .
singapore minister for environment lee UNK suan has disclosed that asean environment ministers are looking at bringing forward their next meeting to discuss the haze action plan of the region .
for the second time in two days , nigerian president olusegun obasanjo reiterated that there is a vicious motive behind the recent communal fighting across cities .
a rebound in full-time work and manufacturing pushed the canada 's unemployment rate down to #.# percent in november from #.# percent in october , statistics canada said friday .
egypt 's appeals court on thursday upheld a ##-year jail sentence on the former head of a state-run company for misusing his position to amass personal wealth .
turkish and iranian authorities are disinfecting vehicles passing from the crossing point between the two countries after the first human deaths of bird flu were confirmed on the turkish side of the border , anatolia news agency reported saturday .
the dutch government proposed friday new anti-terrorism measures which will allow the authorities here to to ban terrorism suspects from certain sensitive areas , to forbid them meeting certain people or to force them to check in regularly with police .
fleet financial group inc. has agreed to buy quick &amp; reilly group inc. for stock valued at slightly more than $ #.# billion in a move intended to help it build a nationwide franchise in consumer financial services .
the big power middle east mediators called on the the new palestinian unity government wednesday to demonstrate a `` clear and credible '' commitment to making peace with israel as a condition for lifting an international aid embargo .
the UNK police suspended the de panne three-day cycling race on thursday for doping allegation for the mapei team , the belgian cycling union said .
atlanta thrashers tomi kallio had a goal and an assist tuesday to lift finland to a chippy #-# win over slovakia and into top spot in group b at the end of the ice hockey world championship 's preliminary round play .
pacific rim countries struggling to balance safety and prosperity lined up behind a sweeping american plan to make trade and travel safer , even as some executives cautioned that too much security was bad for business .
it 's official : the stars are playing their greatest regular season in the ##-year franchise history .
about ### demonstrators held a peaceful march to the u.s. and israeli consulates in hong kong on saturday , calling for israel 's withdrawal from palestinian territories and an end to u.s. military assistance to israel .
while china is lashed by rainstorms in most areas , the UNK league in north china 's inner mongolia autonomous region was attacked by hail monday .
the mass-circulation newspaper bild criticized monday a decision to ease a ban on the importation of british beef because of concern about so-called mad cow disease .
a ##-year-old romanian man has been sentenced to three years in prison for hacking into a u.s. company 's computers , stealing information about its customers and then trying to blackmail the firm , a court said tuesday .
a federal judge has ruled that the iranian government must pay more than $ ### million in damages to eight americans injured in a #### suicide bombing in jerusalem .
after settling more than ### accident injury suits , and with new federal automobile roll-over standards possible , the suzuki car company produced tuesday what it said was evidence that consumers union deliberately set out in #### to prove that the suzuki samurai was prone to tipping over in certain circumstances .
seizing a last chance to upstage china at the asian games , south korea did the unthinkable _ upsetting the heavily favored chinese ###-### in overtime for the men 's basketball gold medal .
in the first sign of a major breach between president bush and leading republicans in congress , many lawmakers complain that the white house is not sufficiently energetic in helping them in the november elections .
surrounded by skyscrapers that dominate yokohama 's waterfront , akihiko ogawa and his friends sit on the bright green artificial turf of a soccer field .
sixteen muslims have filed a religious discrimination lawsuit claiming managers at a whirlpool plant yanked scarves off women 's heads and followed workers into restrooms to make sure they were n't praying .
north korea said monday it was ready for talks on its nuclear weapons program , even as south korea warned the issue could escalate into a security crisis on their divided peninsula .
the scouts sat shoulder to shoulder in the sixth row of dunedin stadium on friday , raising their radar guns as if they were on a firing line .
mediators who discussed new peace proposals saturday with leaders of a three-week-old rebellion in ivory coast said the rebels and the government both appear ready to work for a cease-fire _ even as gunfire and explosions erupted near a western city .
the chaoyang branch of beijing municipal bureau of public security has solved a major case involving the trafficking of counterfeit chinese currency and confiscated about ###,### yuan worth of forged notes .
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao has ruled out early parliamentary elections and defended his free-market economic reforms in a campaign speech ahead of crucial state elections .
the intermediate court of shenzhen city in south china 's guangdong province thursday heard a case involving the smuggling of women for prostitution from the chinese mainland to hong kong .
a timeline of the recovery operation after the sept. ## terrorist attack on the world trade center .
samuel alito , president george w. bush 's choice to fill a us supreme court vacancy , refused tuesday to commit to voting against the administration on the controversial issue of limiting presidential power .
french president jacques chirac conferred france 's highest decoration saturday on the late us ambassador to france , pamela harriman , awarding the diplomat the grand cross of the legion of honour at a tribute ceremony .
german defense minister volker ruehe formally placed german troops in bosnia under the command of nato 's peacekeeping force wednesday , marking their first full participation in a multinational military body .
opener omar phillips hit an unbeaten ## on his debut as the west indies made sound progress saturday to reach ###-# on the third day of the opening cricket test against bangladesh at arnos vale .
police chiefs from several latin american nations met with u.s. law enforcement officials here on wednesday to discuss concerted efforts against cross - border gangs .
officials from hong kong and the neighboring chinese province of guangdong said monday they have agreed on an eight-year plan to reduce air pollution that has left hong kong 's skyline obscured by filthy haze .
prime minister tony blair will have lunch with french premier lionel jospin on friday at the chateau in southern france where he is vacationing , his downing street office said monday .
all forest fires raging in russia 's far east region have been extinguished so far , the regional natural resources and environmental protection department said wednesday .
malaysia 's key stock index ended #.# percent lower friday as investors locked away profits on key blue chips after two days of sharp gains , brokers said .
prices on taipei 's stock futures market were lower monday as the taiwan stock exchange capitalization weighted index for march moved down ### points to close at #,### , with ##,### contracts changing hands .
the chinese ministry of public health recently published a circular calling for greater aids awareness among the china people so that the incidence rate can be kept relatively low by the year #### .
panathinaikos athens will be forced to play in the euroleague basketball final four without forward yiannis UNK after he tested positive for a banned substance in a follow-up test , sports officials said tuesday .
the south african rand remains range bound late friday afternoon as players await the outcome of the g# meeting in germany , which ends on saturday , after which the focus would turn to the monetary policy committee -lrb- mpc -rrb- decision on local interest rates next week .
colombian stocks fell on speculation that talks between banco comercial UNK sa and banco santander could fail , dashing hopes for a lucrative merger .
bangladesh 's main opposition the awami league , which had been boycotting parliament for about a year , returned to the house saturday in a sudden decision to oppose the making of some new laws the ###-seat parliament is going to do through votes .
yo-yo ma likes to ask questions a man in his position is n't supposed to ask .
liverpool is counting the cost of england 's embarrassing #-# draw with macedonia as it prepares for saturday 's high-profile premier league game against leeds .
under pressure from the white house and congressional democrats , house speaker newt gingrich said thursday he would allow a campaign finance bill to come before the house this year .
a senior taliban official lashed out at journalists friday , warning foreign correspondents they could be expelled unless they report `` the reality '' of afghanistan 's civil war .
dewi fortuna anwar , president b.j. habibie 's advisor on foreign affairs , said that the latest draft provided east timor with its own political parties and legislative council , while its administration would be led by a governor in the capacity of a chief executive .
four men accused of helping and facilitating bali bombers went trial at the denpasar district court in bali on monday , facing accumulative charges that carry a maximum jail sentence of ## years .
faced with falling demand , nokia said monday it has started negotiations to close a research unit in sweden that develops multimedia terminals for connecting televisions to the internet .
india has started pulling back troops from its border with pakistan , indian defense minister george fernandes said thursday .
these sports stories for release friday , march # , #### , are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .
rilya wilson , the #-year-old missing miami girl , has not been seen for more than a year .
central and local governments will not relax efforts to clean up the nation 's third-largest freshwater lake , even though major industries are no longer discharging excessive pollutants into the taihu lake .
the british press was on thursday left wondering why prime minister tony blair pushed through a crucial parliamentary vote on renewing britain 's nuclear deterrent with what they saw as minimal public debate .
world boxing association flyweight champion saen sor-ploenchit of thailand retained his title sunday with a points decision over number - one contender UNK guzman of venezuela .
saudi arabia and yemen have found a way to settle a border dispute that has erupted into armed clashes recently , a yemeni negotiator said saturday .
zyta gilowska has been appointed poland 's new finance minister , the president 's office announced saturday .
israel and the palestinians have already achieved `` very good results '' in a new round of negotiations on self-rule elections , israeli delegation chief yoel singer said wednesday as talks resumed here .
credit suisse first boston plans to cut up to #,### jobs worldwide , the credit suisse group said tuesday .
fighting erupted in two russian republics of ingushetia and dagestan bordering breakaway chechnya , russian news agencies reported early tuesday .
a group of liberal democrats , led by senator edward m. kennedy of massachusetts , thursday staked out a position on welfare that could set the senate on a collision course with the bush administration and house republicans and ignite a dispute among democrats over how many hours a week welfare recipients must work .
sweden called up pontus UNK to replace injured defender joachim bjorklund in their world cup group b match against brazil at the pontiac silverdome tuesday .
stocks on brazil 's sao paul exchange , the largest in latin america , closed down monday with the benchmark bovesa index of #.## percent , at ##,### points against ##,### points on friday when it closed last week 's operation .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld told congress thursday that canceling the crusader artillery system was important to his mission of transforming the nation 's military .
clocks in lebanon move back one hour at midnight saturday , ending seven months of daylight-saving summertime .
gert thys , the second fastest man ever over the marathon , is leading the south african team for the seville world championships opening on august ## .
postal reforms should be placed under government control and the recent trend of privatization in some countries should not be encouraged , according to thomas leavey , director general of the universal postal union -lrb- upu -rrb- .
an ailing worker rescued from the south pole over the weekend was back in the united states on tuesday , officials at his company said .
five people were killed and four others injured when a fire broke out on board a greek cargo vessel undergoing repairs in shanghai , a newspaper reported saturday .
in advance of a possible meeting with the north korean foreign minister , secretary of state colin powell reiterated thursday that the united states will not provide any assistance to the reclusive communist state until after `` it is absolutely clear that -lrb- north korea -rrb- is taking irreversible steps '' that will lead to the dismantlement of its nuclear programs .
offices of foreign businesses in north china 's tianjin municipality are growing in number , in large part because of the city 's rapid economic growth .
most of the players who led the united states to the world cup quarterfinals probably wo n't play in the #### tournament .
in our use of its recent slang sense , we have come to the end of history .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad is to visit saudi arabia on saturday for talks on the regional situation with the kingdom 's leaders , an official said on thursday .
the anger that americans felt about the soaring health-care costs of the ####s has turned emphatically against the organizations that are most responsible for halting the rising costs , new surveys of public attitudes are showing .
myanmar leader lieutenant-general khin nyunt stressed here friday that his country would further develop the close friendship between the two countries forged by leaders of the older generations .
the president appointed interior minister christodoulos christodoulou as governor of the central bank on thursday .
russian president vladimir putin has threatened to cancel a state visit to denmark because of a chechen congress in the danish capital next week , the scandinavian country 's foreign minister said saturday .
new york 's highest court ruled tuesday that limitations on judges ' right to free speech were necessary to preserve the public 's confidence in the judiciary 's fairness and impartiality .
the UNK carnival UNK who had flowed through the streets like a glittering , feathery river were gone wednesday morning .
the iranian hijacker who hijacked a plane that landed at an israeli base last month has been indicted for air piracy by the beersheba district court .
president bill clinton will invite democratic and republican congressional leaders to the white house the week of april ## to discuss how to forge an agreement to balance the budget by #### , budget director franklin raines said today .
title favorites italy crashed out of the group stage from the european soccer championship although they rallied from a goal down to beat bulgaria #-# in their final group match here on tuesday .
david kelly , who modernized the new jersey state police during his tenure as its superintendent from #### to #### , but who later retired after being criticized by his own men as a harsh disciplinarian , died sunday in the john f. kennedy medical center in edison , n.j. he was ## .
japan 's sanyo electric credit co. said friday that it had agreed to a friendly takeover by us conglomerate general electric .
ken venturi 's voice is one of the most recognizable in golf .
brazil became the first team to reach the next round of the south american under-## soccer championship by forcing out a #-# draw with paraguay in their last group a match on sunday .
iran on wednesday rejected a un report criticising the human rights situation in the islamic republic , charging that it was drafted in line with us policy toward tehran .
drought has forced kenyan wildlife authorities to indefinitely put off the resumption of a massive elephant transfer billed as `` the single largest UNK of animals ever undertaken since noah 's ark , '' officials said tuesday .
government troops and unita rebels pursued a fierce battle for the central angolan town of kuito where at least ## civilians were killed and ## wounded on tuesday , official radio said .
the first of ## swedish nuclear reactors is to be dismantled by #### , according to a new deal heavily criticized on monday because of the uncertain economic consequences for the country 's economy .
bishops from the us episcopal church said they were postponing a vote that was expected to confirm the church 's first openly gay bishop monday , following allegations the clergyman behaved improperly .
dutch club utrecht and dinamo tbilisi of georgia will both have to play their next home uefa cup match behind closed doors for fan misconduct , european soccer 's governing body said friday .
a russian helicopter with nine people on board crashed in southern russia on thursday , an its burnt-out wreck left little hope that anyone survived , officials said .
u.s. bonds were little changed for a third day after a report showing booming manufacturing with little inflation suggested the federal reserve may need to raise rates again in may .
the indonesian government on tuesday issued a presidential decree , regulating the tour of foreigners in the war-torn aceh province , following some cases during the ongoing military offensive in the province .
at the end of this month , the best teams in college basketball will head to atlanta for an event called the final four , and they all want to win a national championship .
summit talks began monday between the german centre-right coalition government and the opposition social democrats on how to reform the tax system and effect tax cuts .
italy striker christian vieri walked out of a news conference on sunday in the azzurri camp , vowing not to speak to the italian press again .
political talks on the future of bosnia-hercegovina resumed here saturday , but the united nations threatened to cancel ceasefire talks with military leaders unless armed serbs withdrew from the eastern enclave of gorazde by the end of the morning .
some ## asian , european and lebanese firms are vying to secure a ### - million-dollar contract to rehabilitate the port of beirut which was ravaged during the ####-#### civil war , port administration officials said wednesday .
a storm is brewing between romanian authorities and the jehovah 's witnesses , who plan to host a congress for ##,### followers in romania next month .
relatives of victims of a #### french airliner bombing announced thursday they had signed a preliminary compensation deal with libya , paving the way for a u.n. resolution lifting sanctions against the north african country .
nippon steel corp. , the world 's largest steelmaker , said it expects ## percent growth in first-half profit as japanese automakers , its biggest customers , crank up production to meet a surge in export demand .
a ##-year-old arrested as one of two suspects in the washington-area sniper shootings left jamaica in his early teens and moved to another caribbean island before migrating to the united states , the father and jamaican officials said thursday .
south africa raced to a lead of ### runs on the first innings sunday , declared at ### for five wickets , and UNK out two bangladesh wickets for ## runs at lunch on the third day at north west stadium in the second of two tests between the two countries .
a survey covering ## major chinese cities indicates that ##.# percent of their residents have consumed milky drinks in the past one year , ##.# percent of whom have had soybean milk .
helmer herrera , believed to be the fifth highest-ranking man in the cali drug cartel , announced that he will surrender to colombian justice authorities .
new zealand called two replacement players into its tri-nations rugby squad on sunday after a series of injuries during its weekend win over south africa at pretoria .
three people were killed monday when gunmen opened fire on a regional lawmaker in southern russia , police said .
ibm researchers have created carbon UNK transistors that substantially outperform models of even advanced silicon devices without departing from the most common design of silicon chips .
jaime UNK has been reelected president of the spanish first division club valencia , the club announced on saturday .
a leading chinese state-run newspaper said tuesday there was little to be optimistic about ahead of six-way talks on the north korean nuclear crisis and urged more flexibility from washington and pyongyang .
share prices rose in early trading here on thursday , recovering after sharp falls on wednesday , as overnight gains on wall street and a recovery of us gilts lifted prices .
russian companies are welcome to tender for building a second nuclear power plant in south africa , foreign minister nkosazana dlamini-zuma said on thursday .
norway 's aker kvaerner group said friday it finalized a contract with royal caribbean cruises to build the world 's largest cruise ship .
phoenix coyotes center jeremy roenick will be out #-# weeks after tearing ligaments in his left knee during sunday 's loss to the anaheim mighty ducks , leaving the team without one of its top players for tomorrow 's game # of their western conference quarterfinal playoff series .
the senate rejected a measure on wednesday to stiffen fuel efficiency requirements for cars and trucks , once again resolving the perennial battle between environmentalists and the automobile industry in favor of the industry .
it is not uncommon for cbs 's `` dr. quinn , medicine woman '' to sprinkle messages of tolerance amid its weekly dose of UNK , but saturday 's episode also does a surprisingly effective job of setting history straight .
cyprus has released three british former soldiers jailed for the brutal #### rape and killing of a young woman at a popular tourist resort , an official said on tuesday .
triple olympic champion marion jones withdrew from the ###m semifinals at the u.s. olympic trials in sacramento , california on saturday .
the los angeles clippers placed center dwayne UNK on the injured list with a stomach disorder .
colombian finance minister juan camilo restrepo said wednesday that rebuilding the cauca valley region after monday 's powerful earthquake will take four to five years .
the u.s. state department is recommending that canada be added to a drug blacklist , a list on which panama , colombia and mexico have already been identified , '' the globe and mail '' said saturday .
the iaaf world junior championships had not been one to remember for kenya 's men until ronald kipchumba rutto stood on the start line of the ####m steeplechase on saturday .
portuguese president jorge sampaio arrived in turkey monday for a two-day visit expected to focus on bilateral ties and restoring stability in neighboring iraq .
boris yeltsin 's government gave israel 's civilian planes the right wednesday to have armed guards on board when they fly into russia .
these feature stories are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .
crude and oil product futures widened their losses thursday as participants continued to unwind long positions .
the united states will protect anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest of the world 's two most-wanted war crimes suspects , a u.s. diplomat said thursday .
us president bill clinton said on tuesday that mainland china must `` shift from threat to dialogue '' in handling relations with taiwan .
three men were killed and at least four other people were injured late thursday when an explosion wrecked a three-story building here showering debris over a wide area .
the #### falklands conflict was `` perhaps the least expected war in history , '' an official said monday on the anniversary of the low-profile argentine landing which preceded the showdown with britain .
halle berry is UNK casting in `` catwoman , '' as swift and light on its feet as its heroine , stylish and full of technical razzle-dazzle .
it is obviously too late for the new york yankees to overtake the powerful baltimore orioles , no matter how much they want to dream .
rep. patrick kennedy has reached a settlement with the los angeles airport security guard who claimed he shoved her in a confrontation over an oversized piece of luggage .
in early september , my #-year-old daughter came home from school and showed us how she had learned to recite the pledge of allegiance .
some ### veteran army officers held a get-together party in the great hall of the people here today to recall their old days .
chinese archeologists have announced their recent discovery of a fragmented silk painting and a brassiere in tombs at least #,### years old .
vietnam exported ##,### tons of cashew nuts worth ## million u.s. dollars in the first two months of this year , up ##.# percent and ##.# percent , respectively , against the same period last year .
even in a tough labor market , job satisfaction among employed u.s. workers has hit a record low , a survey by a private research group released thursday shows .
sierra leone 's former rebels nominated one of their own for the presidency monday _ ending a threat to boycott the bloodied country 's first post-war vote .
israeli soldiers on friday accidentally shot and killed a seven-year-old palestinian boy in a refugee camp , palestinian witnesses and family members said .
japan and feyenoord star shinji ono received his asian football confederation -lrb- afc -rrb- player of the year #### award on wednesday from afc president mohamed bin hammam , local media reported thursday .
the murder of foreign minister anna lindh while shopping unguarded in a department store generated harsh criticism of sweden 's security policy for government officials .
philippine president joseph estrada urged legislators thursday to join him in a covenant assuring the public that only economic reforms proposed to the constitution will be discussed once they reach congress .
france intends to create an international stock exchange to rival a new joint exchange recently announced by germany and britain , the head of the french stock market said .
the euro steadied against the dollar and yen on wednesday on the eve of an interest rate decision from the european central bank .
indonesia heightened security wednesday amid fears of more bombings , while the united states said it would list jemaah islamiyah _ the group blamed for the deadly nightclub attack in bali earlier this month _ as a terrorist organization .
siemens ag said it 's reorganizing industrial activities that account for about ## percent of its annual sales to boost market share and strengthen its most important businesses .
a u.s.-based human rights watchdog on monday accused nigeria of condoning the army massacre of hundreds of unarmed civilians last october , and blamed western governments for failing to react to the killings .
living up to his highflying reputation , the trader who brought down britain 's oldest merchant bank spent the night he disappeared with his wife at malaysia 's ritzy regent , it was learned tuesday .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher at a three month high wednesday on continued positive sentiment , dealers said .
the euro 's honeymoon is over and , in germany at least , the politicians are beginning to take notice .
a delegation of ethiopian religious leaders left for germany thursday night to discuss with its eritrean counterpart ways for the peaceful settlement of the ethio-eritrean crisis .
air force planes bombed suspected tamil tiger guerrilla targets in northern sri lanka as ground troops kept up a fresh drive against the rebels , officials here said wednesday .
president daniel arap moi 's ruling party dashed hopes tuesday for constitutional and legal reforms before general elections and set the stage for an october vote .
thirty-two girl students were injured friday in san juan , batangas province south of manila when a hanging bridge fell down , reported local television gma news .
for an arab world allergic to political reform , the new iraq taking shape under u.s. tutelage is a troubling harbinger .
malaysia has further strengthened its one-china policy by barring its ministers from making visits to taiwan .
opposition candidates in the west african nation of burkina faso broke the governing party 's UNK on parliament , winning ## out out of ### seats , results released sunday show .
swiss pharmaceutical giant novartis announced thursday first-half profits of #.## billion swiss francs -lrb- dlrs #.## billion -rrb- .
foreign investors will be allowed to set up representative offices in vietnam ahead of obtaining licences to give them time to study investment projects , a report said friday , quoting a recent trade ministry directive .
real madrid will start their asian tour for exhibition soccer matches , together with new signing david beckham , the club said on thursday .
russian foreign minister andrei UNK and us secretary of state warren christopher will meet `` soon '' although the exact date of their meeting was under study , the foreign ministry here announced wednesday .
south america will import a record of more than ###,### tons of cotton ####-## crop year , the international cotton advisory committee said in a monthly report .
eating candy bars for energy and pedaling like mad , a former british army officer managed to cross the english channel twice in his single-seat , pedal-powered vessel in an effort to make the guinness book of records .
u.s. secretary of state madeline albright and her australian counterpart on friday asked u.n. chief kofi annan to become involved in escalating tensions in myanmar .
francesco totti is open to playing for italy again _ on a limited basis at least .
the local government has made painstaking efforts to provide enough necessary items for the people affected by the mudflows in southwest china 's yunnan province , said government sources on thursday .
the death toll in a head-on collision between a speeding bus and a truck loaded with relief food has risen to ## , and seven bus passengers remained in critical condition tuesday , the ugandan police spokesman said .
police said they arrested ## people who were preparing to board a ship monday , allegedly to migrate illegally to italy .
top-seed iva majoli on wednesday claimed a quarterfinal berth at the wilkinson lady tennis championships , defeating amelie mauresmo of france #-# , #-# .
an indian airlines pilot who let his wife and pet dog into the cockpit during a commercial flight has been removed as a trainer , the asian age reported saturday .
russian state television on friday aired footage of the dead body of a man strongly resembling one of chechnya 's two top rebel leaders , omar ibn al khattab , whom the federal security service claims to have killed in a special operation .
palestinian leader yasser arafat told a packed cairo cathedral thursday that he will defend sacred holy land sites in the face of israeli aggression and called the siege on the church of nativity a `` crime .
with the nhl 's general managers meeting under way in naples , fla. , and the march ## trade deadline approaching , the rangers ' theo fleury is not surprised to see his name circulating again as a possible player on the move .
the colombian army deactivated two UNK in southwestern colombia and a car-bomb blocking a bridge over UNK river , military authorities said thursday .
attorney general janet reno has opened a formal inquiry into whether president clinton illegally solicited campaign contributions in telephone calls from the white house last year , the justice department announced saturday .
south africa is aiming to attract more than double the current number of tourists within the next five years , south african tourism board -lrb- UNK -rrb- deputy executive director ernie heath said today .
the european union said friday it will prod iran to clarify questions about its lukewarm response to a package of economic incentives designed to get the country to suspend uranium enrichment .
cuba complained that nominated cuban musicians were prevented from attending the latin grammy awards wednesday night in part because of pressure from miami-based exiles .
if the newsstand sales of magazines offer a reliable measure of reader interests , then editors might think twice about putting foreign news on their covers .
`` terminator '' movie star arnold schwarzenegger says he 'll reveal next week if he will stand for california governor , as a porn mogul and a billboard star also joined the electoral fray .
ukrainian football club UNK donetsk chairman UNK UNK , and five of his bodyguards died when a bomb exploded in the stands at a match in eastern ukraine on sunday , police said on monday .
the china 's women cycling received its first UNK from a foreign company as the japanese panasonic bicycle ltd. signed a two-year contract with the chinese national team on thursday .
president bill clinton will meet with russian prime minister viktor chernomyrdin at the white house on thursday , white house spokeswoman dee dee myers said monday .
with a leaky line repaired , nasa fueled space shuttle atlantis again on monday even though stiff wind threatened to further delay the space station construction mission .
a memo from president bill clinton encouraging his fundraiser to invite donors for overnight white house stays prompted the republican senate leader tuesday to call for a special probe .
the second mido piano contest and first mido violin contest will be held in beijing between july # - ## , according to the central conservatory of music and the france - china cultural exchange committee .
hopes for peace in ivory coast rose friday after rebels and the government both accepted a truce to end a month of fighting that has killed hundreds .
brazil 's production of steel in slabs dropped by #.# percent to ##.## million tons during the first nine months of this year , compared with the same period of last year .
rockwell international corp. , in the midst of a plan to transform itself into an electronics company from an auto parts and plane maker , expects sales in asia to double to $ # billion within five years .
deposed prime minister benazir bhutto cast her vote in general elections at a polling station in a small village school near here monday and renewed charges that the polls would be manipulated by the president .
the army said it killed six suspected separatist guerrillas from a pakistan-based group during a fierce gun battle saturday in indian-controlled kashmir .
president bush , arriving in the french capital after three days of sightseeing and summitry in russia , defended his standing in europe in the face of ongoing criticism here and disputes over the us approach to global trade and the environment .
latin america 's three major stock markets -- sao paulo , buenos aires and mexico city -- closed down on wednesday .
floods from torrential rains have killed ### people in three chinese provinces , pushing the nationwide flood death toll to #,### , state media said saturday .
egypt urged israel saturday to be more flexible in its talks with the palestinians warning that otherwise the whole peace process could be jeopardised .
egypt 's foreign-exchange reserves rose by ### million dollars in the second half of #### to ## billion dollars , the governor of egypt 's central bank was reported monday as saying .
the heads of state of as many as six mid-pacific nations will meet here later this week to discuss details of a sub-regional airline corporation .
paradorn srichaphan of thailand rallied from two sets down to defeat frenchman olivier mutis #-# , #-# , #-# , #-# and #-# , entering the third round of the wimbledon tennis championship here on wednesday .
the thief -- caught in the act on police video that was broadcast on national television -- did n't show even a hint of remorse when he showed up on ruth UNK 's doorstep friday evening .
us energy secretary hazel o'leary continued her visit here wednesday , with delegation members discussing with chinese officials the problems and opportunities of investing in china 's power-hungry market .
south african prison authorities monday started releasing thousands of prisoners under a clemency program for those jailed for non-violent and less serious crimes .
the dollar weakened against other major currencies tuesday , with trading against the yen dominating the session .
the political uproar at new zealand 's national day ceremonies at which the chief guests were ` UNK ' by a maori activist and spat on , forced diplomats here to reconsider attending further official celebrations .
portugal downed croatia #-# to leapfrog the croats and finish top of its european championship group wednesday with the bonus of probably avoiding hot favorite germany in the quarterfinal .
german newspaper publisher axel springer said on wednesday it was prepared to sell the UNK television station in order to obtain approval from the german competition authorities for its plan to take over the parent company , commercial television group prosiebensat# .
daniel UNK , an biochemist from the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- , arrived monday in the macao special administrative region to help enhance macao 's ability to do laboratory test on the severe acute respiratory syndrome -lrb- sars -rrb- virus .
talks between iranian and eu officials monday were positive , the head of tehran 's team said , voicing hope the dialogue can continue despite the escalating diplomatic standoff .
former portuguese prime minister anibal cavaco silva 's lead ahead of the presidential election on sunday is slipping but he still has more than the ## percent voter support needed to avoid a run-off , two polls published wednesday showed .
the u.s. dollar was trading mixed against the japanese yen in early trading monday , while prices on the tokyo stock exchange advanced moderately .
police have arrested six people on suspicion of smuggling illegal migrants to europe , security officials said monday .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu said he wanted to boost the flow of palestinian trade through israel as one way of pumping up the area 's prosperity , which in turn would aid the peace process .
UNK valdivieso , ## , arrived at eastern district high school in brooklyn one morning early this month , her ##-month-old child in her arms , her mother at her side .
the french government rejected friday a request by the gambling business group UNK to open a gambling center in the central city of lyon .
astronauts are scheduled to replace the hubble space telescope 's cameras with more powerful ones when they head to space aboard the space shuttle discovery tuesday .
the price index of jordan 's amman financial market closed at ###.## points on wednesday , up #.## points from tuesday 's finish .
as investigators puzzle the life and mind of john mark karr , UNK to the killing of jonbenet ramsey , they must unravel an elaborate and hazy narrative woven in part by karr himself , much of it constructed around a clear and chilling theme _ a yearning to be close to children .
space shuttle atlantis ' astronauts completed their construction work at the international space station and then got ready for their UNK departure .
an explosion saturday caused a huge fire on a natural gas pipeline in eastern turkey , the energy ministry said .
the belgian government is considering to amend the universal jurisdiction law in order to avoid more diplomatic pressure from outside the country .
canadian government bonds fell and the dollar slid to a two-year low after the bank of canada made it clear it wo n't raise lending rates soon to ease the currency 's decline .
brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso left here tuesday evening for rio de janiero from where he will go to europe to visit germany , portugal and the united kingdom from april ##-## .
german designer dorothee schumacher opened berlin 's annual mercedes-benz fashion week on wednesday with a collection of UNK business wear enhanced by delicate touches of bows and sparkle trim .
a vietnamese cyber-dissident said thursday he had been released from jail after serving a third of his ##-year jail sentence for `` spying '' but faces house arrest for three years .
liverpool on monday rejected the chance to sign french striker nicolas anelka on a permanent contract .
iran 's foreign ministry spokesman hamid reza asefi on sunday condemned the abduction of three spanish and one italian tourists along with their iranian guide in the southern province of kerman .
german shares retreated on the frankfurt stock exchange tuesday following monday 's big gains , while the euro lost some of its gleam on the second day of trading .
hong kong stocks rose , driving the index up #.# percent , as institutional investors snapped up companies whose earnings prospects do n't justify their recent battering .
russia 's famed state hermitage museum reported the theft of more than ### items , including jewelry and UNK objects , worth around us$ # million -lrb- euro# million -rrb- , an incident that highlights persistently poor security at russian museums .
toyo tire &amp; rubber co. will be added to the benchmark nikkei ### stock average , replacing mitsui UNK chemicals inc. , said the japanese publisher nihon keizai shimbun inc. , which compiles the index .
the german government on friday called a polish magazine 's cover photo of chancellor gerhard schroeder on his hands and knees with a german lawmaker dressed as a nazi officer astride his back as `` tasteless and inappropriate .
dutch authorities broke up an international drug smuggling ring that operated via amsterdam 's schiphol airport , police said friday .
baggage handlers at delta air lines have voted against unionizing -- the second major group to say no to unions in a series of elections at the airline carrier this year .
katharine hepburn , the actress whose independent life and strong-willed movie characters made her a role model for generations of women and a beloved heroine to filmgoers for more than ## years , died on sunday at her home in the fenwick section of old UNK , conn. .
a ##-year-old former seminarian wednesday detailed the allegations he had made that led to the suspension of an influential monsignor in the new york archdiocese , describing an intense spiritual tie that he said grew sexually charged and emotionally abusive .
israeli troops on thursday imposed a curfew on parts of downtown hebron after shots were fired at a car driven by jewish settlers .
france may have to open defense of its world cup without zinedine zidane , the hero of its #### triumph .
at the trilateral summit to be held in aqaba , jordan , on wednesday , israeli prime minister ariel sharon will announce his government 's decision to immediately evacuate illegal settlement outposts in the west bank , israel tv reported .
poyang county in east china 's jiangxi province is striving to invite investment from across the country to develop local lacquer wares , in an effort to help the centuries-old handicraft regain its glory and fame rather than let it die out in modern society .
the paris bourse posted a moderate gain in the first part of the monday session , despite the dollar 's weakness , benefiting from good performances by a number of blue chips , traders said in mid-afternoon .
israel 's six-week military assault in the west bank caused dlrs ### million worth of property damage to palestinian government institutions , housing and businesses , a group of international donors said wednesday .
germany 's jobless rate fell slightly to #.# percent in september , while the number of people out of work dipped below the politically sensitive # million mark , official figures showed tuesday .
australia 's largest telecommunications company , telstra corp. , announced thursday that its full year net profit fell ##.# percent on the back of lower earnings at its key fixed-line business .
south africa 's white supremacist group leader eugene terre ` blanche was freed from prison friday amid faded popularity of the right-wing movement a decade after the end of apartheid in the country .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon cut short his visit to india to return home a day early after ## israelis were killed in suicide bombings , his spokesman said wednesday .
a group of ## military officers _ at least nine of them accused of leading an april coup _ have urged venezuelans to rebel against president hugo chavez by protesting across the country .
nancy meyers and charles UNK work so close together they can stretch out their arms and touch fingertips .
tanzania will hold the national immunization day against measles in september this year following increased incidence of the disease in recent years .
the nhl suspended boston defenseman kyle mclaren on sunday for rest of the bruins ' playoff series against montreal for the hit that sent richard zednik to the hospital .
hong kong 's hang seng china enterprises index rose ##.## points , or #.## percent , to close at #,###.## friday .
hong kong share prices finished the morning session sharply higher , gaining #.## percent friday on wall street 's overnight gains and the tokyo market 's continued rally , dealers said .
nba commissioner david stern announced on monday that denver nuggets have been selected to host the #### all-star game .
world no. ## anastasia myskina reached the quarterfinals of the sparkassen cup on wednesday by beating lina krasnoroutskaya , #-# , #-# , in an all-russian encounter .
ford motor co. says it will offer its UNK engine in UNK vehicles starting next year in an effort to provide greater fuel economy to consumers without compromising on horsepower .
tighter controls on bonuses , better-trained directors and greater shareholder involvement are among the sweeping changes proposed by a government-commissioned review of bank governance out thursday .
the european parliament backed a proposal tuesday giving the european union head office powers to renegotiate international aviation agreements .
the south korean government decided thursday to send a team of ## rescuers to quake-hit turkey to join the international rescuing efforts .
the ongoing strike of thousands of the posts and telecommunications corporation employees left many clients throughout zimbabwe out of touch as postal and telecommunications services were severely disrupted .
such of course will not be the impression conveyed as the u.s. presidential election campaign moves towards its climax later this year , and accusations of incompetence , bias and UNK fill the airwaves .
swiss medical technology company sulzer medica ag said friday that british authorities had launched a probe into one of its subsidiaries after a patient died during an operation when part of a tester the unit supplied broke off .
mexico shares tumbled more than # percent for a second day , dragged down by u.s. shares and concern that rising interest rates will crimp profits .
china is pushing forward to a full market economy at its own schedule despite the european union refusing to give it mes -lrb- market economy status -rrb- three days ago .
a hemophiliac from gaza city who has the aids virus has been denied entry by the army for treatment in israel on three occasions despite warnings by doctors that his life is in danger , medics said tuesday .
president boris yeltsin on friday urged the feuding leaders of a troubled area in the russian caucasus to stop their `` undeclared war '' - or lose the kremlin 's support in their re-election campaigns .
hundreds of protesters gathered in bazaars across southern kyrgyzstan to protest the exclusion of an opposition candidate from a run-off parliamentary election , the latest political tension to grip this former soviet republic .
the british public remains uncertain about the strength of the economic recovery , which has virtually lasted for more than two years , according to an mori poll published by the times newspaper today .
the israel army shelled on tuesday palestinians ' homes during a military incursion into block -lrb- j -rrb- of the rafah refugee camp in southern gaza strip .
the adult daughter of a slain florida couple known for adopting ## special needs children said she is planning to move into her parents ' home and raise the children as her own .
spanish authorities prepared monday to receive three of the ## palestinian militants exiled by israel after a ##\/# - week standoff at the church of the nativity in bethlehem .
young star wayne rooney helped paul scholes score his first england goal for three years and he himself grabbed a second just before the break to put them #-# ahead against croatia at halftime in their group b match on monday .
the palestinian authority said saturday it believed that negotiations on a cease-fire could resume shortly with the militant islamic group hamas , even though hamas declared that it was breaking off the talks and would continue to make israel a target .
sri lanka wednesday ordered tuberculosis sufferers to seek urgent medical treatment or risk prosecution and forced hospitalisation .
a german was killed and his female partner was seriously wounded by gunshots in the war zone of indonesia 's troubled aceh on wednesday night , the indonesian military -lrb- tni -rrb- informed thursday .
orlando magic executive pat williams indicated dennis scott 's off-season troubles are part of the reason he 's now with the mavericks .
ron francis scored his ##nd career playoff goal #:## into the final period and kevin weekes recorded his second straight shutout as the carolina hurricanes beat the montreal canadiens #-# friday night to take the opening game of the eastern conference semifinals .
celta de vigo 's victor fernandez said he will leave the first-division club after four years in charge , newspapers reported wednesday .
italian serie a side inter milan contracted roy hodgson as temporary coach of the troubled club on tuesday in milan , italy .
germany coach rudi voeller said sunday there will be no surprises when he announces which ## players will form his world cup team .
authorities have detained a total of ## people in connection with an attack this month on the french oil tanker limburg , security officials said wednesday .
chelsea clinton arrives friday as one of #,### freshman on the stanford university campus , beginning what administrators hope will be a typical college experience .
after the march , one man was so moved that he joined a church in harlem and committed himself to helping its young members .
calling iraq 's failure to comply with u.n. demands to disarm a grave international challenge , secretary-general kofi annan on wednesday backed a new u.n. resolution that would toughen weapons inspections and urged baghdad to use this `` last chance .
a year after the first afghanistan conference , a follow-up meeting is held here monday to discuss further reconstruction of the war-torn country .
court documents filed in the UNK case against peter gatien , the nightclub owner , showed that a government informer had offered to sell gatien information about government misconduct in the case .
president boris yeltsin marked the anniversary of a soviet-era massacre on sunday , while communists held anti-government rallies in moscow as russia 's presidential campaign entered its final two weeks .
exiled dissident leader sam rainsy said wednesday he 's willing to return to cambodia to defend deposed co-premier prince norodom ranariddh in a trial .
arab countries stepped up their push wednesday to put the plight of palestinians on the agenda at a u.n. assembly on aging , despite opposition from israel and the united states .
michael steiner , deputy to the senior international mediator in bosnia , high representative carl bildt , denied thursday that he wanted to replace him when bildt leaves later this year .
after an exceptionally mild start to the winter , finland has now slipped into deep-freeze mode .
the nepali government thursday evening constituted a two-member talks team to give continuity to the on-going peace talks with the anti-government guerrillas , according to a high-ranking government official .
nokia , the world 's biggest maker of cell phones , announced sweeping management changes and new divisions , including multimedia and enterprise , friday in a move to strengthen its position .
pakistan 's military ruler launched a campaign friday to remain in power after the restoration of civilian rule , setting a referendum for early may to ask voters if they want him to stay in office .
saks holdings inc. 's shares lost about a third of their value after the retailer said lower-than-expected sales will cause earnings to fall well short of estimates .
a small jet crashed on approach to dulles international airport in heavy fog saturday , killing ## people , officials said .
vehicles streamed inland from north carolina 's outer banks on tuesday as more than ###,### people were urged to get out the way of hurricane isabel , the most powerful storm in four years to menace the mid-atlantic coast .
russia 's foreign ministry on tuesday criticized the european union for not moving more quickly to solve the problem of visa-free travel between kaliningrad and russia when poland and lithuania join the eu as expected in #### .
croatia 's chief state prosecutor submitted his resignation wednesday , responding to criticism by the ruling coalition government that he failed to reform the troubled justice system .
indonesian authorities are to start building a #.# billion dollar UNK road and railway project in july to overcome jakarta 's transport problems , a report said monday .
draconian security , a state of emergency and thousands of forces will seek to counter the spiralling insecurity that casts an ominous shadow over next week 's palestinian parliamentary vote .
bangladesh finance minister shah kibria has ordered the country 's banks to recover more than a billion dollars in bad loans by march ## , a newspaper reported here tuesday .
taiwan president lee teng-hui friday received visiting liberian warlord charles taylor and said he appreciated taylor 's support for relations with the island , the presidential office said .
japan 's economic planning agency gave a slightly brighter view of the nation 's economy in its monthly report tuesday , but stopped short of predicting a recovery .
kyrgyz rescue workers found the wreckage of a helicopter that was reported missing june ## , a news agency said saturday .
thailand and australia have made enormous progress on free trade negotiations , especially concerning agricultural goods , but problems remain on livestock and beef imports , thai news agency said monday .
chinese share prices closed flat wednesday with banks snapped up by a positive outlook on the sector and infrastructure firms driven higher on optimistic hopes for their revenue growth , dealers said .
thai officials said in taipei thursday that they hope instability caused by some of the biggest civil unrest in thailand for the last ## years will be over soon and that taiwanese investment and tourists visiting the southeast asian country will return to normal .
russia on monday cut supplies to bosnia by ## percent because the bosnian authorities have failed to pay their bill , the state gas company UNK told the itar-tass news agency .
the victim in the stalking case against the son of britain 's top judicial officer filed an emotional distress lawsuit against the man who pleaded guilty last week to terrorizing him and his girlfriend .
viewers of television shows on the web have grown accustomed to ## - and ##-second commercial breaks -- a fraction of the time given for commercials on traditional tv .
the storm appears to be subsiding over billy graham 's comments , made ## years ago while chatting with president richard nixon , that have an anti-semitic character about them .
the index of the mexican stock market plunged tuesday after the united states and mexico signed a ## billion dollar deal to rescue the mexican economy .
two palestinians and an israeli were killed thursday night in two separate incidents in the northern west bank city of jenin , palestinian sources said .
france said monday that the normalization process between india and pakistan and their decision to renew a ban on nuclear test explosions were `` very positive .
the party of the late politician pim fortuyn is proposing a general amnesty to thousands of illegal immigrants before implementing tougher immigration policies .
authorities are beefing up security at the panama canal , enlisting more security forces to patrol the waterway and inaugurating an automated system that will better identify approaching vessels .
a former u.s. assistant secretary of state , questioned by a parliamentary committee investigating the #### rwanda massacres , praised france for reportedly saving lives but gave a critical portrait of a UNK america which failed to intervene .
two hezbollah fighters were killed sunday in israeli air raids on south lebanon in retaliation for guerrilla attacks which killed a member of israel 's proxy militia , security officials said .
billed as europe 's first camel races , the sheik zayed cup was more of a sideshow than a competition among the UNK contestants , some of which were more interested in running in circles or eating than crossing the finish line sunday .
the philippine communist party -lrb- cpp -rrb- sunday said it will release two government soldiers it is holding as prisoners of war if the government forces stop attacks on them in three provinces in the bicol region , central philippines .
new research in canada shows forcing smokers outside and UNK smoking from drinking make smoke-free restaurants and recreational facilities a major factor in helping people quit smoking , according to local press reports thursday .
the afghan government would compensate the families of the ## murdered chinese workers who fell victim in the terrorist attack of a chinese construction compound in northern afghanistan , finance minister ashraf ghani ahmadzai announced sunday .
the ##th south american common market -lrb- mercosur -rrb- summit ended wednesday evening in asuncion , capital of paraguay , with a joint communique and a declaration , reaffirming the decision to strengthen the regional bloc .
south korea vowed thursday to prevent illegal labor strikes , which are viewed as a major obstacle to attracting foreign investors .
bank of america said thursday it would buy credit card services giant mbna for some ## billion dollars .
a day after signing a pact with nato , russian president vladimir putin meets with european union officials wednesday for tough talks on economic , trade and security issues with the eu , which becomes moscow 's next door neighbor in #### .
a mummy shown on international television as the probable remains of queen nefertiti is actually a male skeleton , according to egyptian state archaeologists .
warnaco group inc. reached a definitive agreement with designer holdings inc. to purchase the maker of calvin klein jeans for about $ ###.# million in stock , the companies said .
an updated list saturday after identities of ## more victims killed in the oct. ## terror bombings in bali were confirmed by hospital authorities , bringing the total of those who have been positively identified so far to ## .
the international commission created help victims of nazis collect on insurance policies was sued by two holocaust survivors who say it has worked to deny decades-old claims .
lorraine hale , who headed the world-famous hale house shelter founded by her mother , was sentenced along with her husband to five years ' probation thursday for stealing from the charity .
the ministry of economic affairs -lrb- moea -rrb- has projected the annual output value of taiwan 's textile industry for #### at nt$ ### billion -lrb- us$ ##.## billion -rrb- and has suggested development directions such as innovation for the industry , according to economic minister steve r.l. chen .
information technology experts and politicians from across the european union joined forces wednesday to deride an eu software patent bill saying it made no economic sense and would kill innovation .
on earth , #### will be another tumultuous year for nasa : its space shuttles will be retired , and it will have to wrangle with congress and the obama administration over a rocket and a destination for the united states ' human spaceflight program .
u.s. stocks were mixed as investors shied from procter &amp; gamble co. and other consumer goods shares amid signs of slowing earnings growth , shoveling money into small and computer-related shares with better prospects .
a us government agency has opened an investigation into reports that toyota 's hugely popular prius hybrid stalls without warning .
nuevo laredo police chief alejandro dominguez was gunned down and killed outside his office , only eight hours after he took over his new job , local officials said .
the leader of iranian-backed lebanese guerrillas warned friday that his group might resume rocket attacks on israel if a u.s.-brokered understanding to contain hostilities in southern lebanon keeps unraveling .
australia winger lote tuqiri was found guilty sunday of a dangerous tackle on all blacks captain richie mccaw and was suspended until nov. # .
a newspaper in british columbia has received a second letter that appears to be from someone connected to a series of bombings targeting encana 's natural gas operations .
u.s. stocks traded mixed on monday as ism 's services index rose to #-month high .
swiss-swedish conglomerate asea brown boveri ltd. -lrb- abb -rrb- said monday it had been awarded a ### million hong kong dollar -lrb- ##.# million us -rrb- contract for a major bridge project linking hong kong 's multi-billion dollar new airport with the territory 's urban areas .
